Jobs [Distributed Scheduler] API docs, pt.1 (#4164)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/concepts/overview.md

| [**Configuration**]({{< ref "configuration-api-overview.md" >}})  | The configuration API enables you to retrieve and subscribe to application configuration items from configuration stores. 
| [**Distributed lock**]({{< ref "distributed-lock-api-overview.md" >}})  | The distributed lock API enables your application to acquire a lock for any resource that gives it exclusive access until either the lock is released by the application, or a lease timeout occurs. 
| [**Cryptography**]({{< ref "cryptography-overview.md" >}}) | The cryptography API provides an abstraction layer on top of security infrastructure such as key vaults. It contains APIs that allow you to perform cryptographic operations, such as encrypting and decrypting messages, without exposing keys to your applications.

> | [**Jobs**]({{< ref "jobs-overview.md" >}}) | The jobs API is a way to schedule jobs at specific times or intervals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [**Jobs**]({{< ref "jobs-overview.md" >}}) | The jobs API enables you to schedule jobs at specific times or intervals.
```

> | [**Scheduler**]({{< ref "scheduler-overview.md" >}}) | The scheduler API is a way to schedule and orchestrate jobs at scale across a distributed computing environment at specific times or intervals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [**Scheduler**]({{< ref "scheduler-overview.md" >}}) | The scheduler API is a way to schedule jobs at specific times or intervals.
```

> | [**Scheduler**]({{< ref "scheduler-overview.md" >}}) | The scheduler API is a scalable way to schedule and orchestrate jobs across a distributed computing environment at specific times or intervals.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [**Scheduler**]({{< ref "scheduler-overview.md" >}}) | The scheduler API is a way to schedule and orchestrate jobs at scale across a distributed computing environment at specific times or intervals.
```
